README.md, before:

# meteo

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/grisu48/meteo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/grisu48/meteo)

Lightweight environmental monitoring solution

This project aims to provide a centralized environmental and room monitoring system for different sensors.
The meteo-daemon (`meteod`) runs on a centralised server instance, that collect all sensor data from different sensor nodes.

Client can attach to this server instance in order to read out the different readings of the sensors.

# Server

Requires `go >= 1.9.x` and the following repositories

    go get "github.com/BurntSushi/toml"
    go get "github.com/gorilla/mux"
    go get "github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3"
    go get "github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang"

## Configuration

Currently manually. See `meteod.toml` for information

## Storage

`meteod` stores all data in a Sqlite3 database. By default `meteod.db` is taken, but the filename can be configured in `meteod.toml`.

## Security

Pushing stations need a access `token`, that identifies where the data belongs to.

# Client

There is currently a very simple CLI client available: `meteo`

    meteo REMOTE
    
    $ meteo http://meteo-service.local/
      *   1 meteo-cluster          2019-05-14-17:24:01   22.51C|23.00 %rel| 95337hPa

## Requirements

Requires `go >= 1.9.x`

    go get "github.com/BurntSushi/toml"

## Configuration

Currently manually. See `meteod.toml`

# Nodes/Sensors

Currently I have some Adafruit sensors, a skeleton code for Raspberry Pi, a JeeNode RoomNode (that is not utilized anymore) and some EPS8266 projects.

This whole project is ongoing work, so nothing is production ready yet, as I'm still experimenting with lots of sensors.

Commit message:

MQTT push
Added feature, that datapoints pushed via http get automatically pushed
via MQTT as well

README.md, after:

# meteo

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/grisu48/meteo.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/grisu48/meteo)

Lightweight environmental monitoring solution

This project aims to provide a centralized environmental and room monitoring system for different sensors.
The meteo-daemon (`meteod`) runs on a centralised server instance, that collect all sensor data from different sensor nodes.

Client can attach to this server instance in order to read out the different readings of the sensors.

# Server

Requires `go >= 1.9.x` and the following repositories

    go get "github.com/BurntSushi/toml"
    go get "github.com/gorilla/mux"
    go get "github.com/mattn/go-sqlite3"
    go get "github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang"

## Configuration

Currently manually. See `meteod.toml` for information

## Storage

`meteod` stores all data in a Sqlite3 database. By default `meteod.db` is taken, but the filename can be configured in `meteod.toml`.

## Security

Pushing stations need a access `token`, that identifies where the data belongs to.

MQTT is considered a trusted network. New station will be automatically added. If you want to have better control over the nodes, please use http instead

## Testing

For test surposes, a `exampleJson` file is created. Use it to push data to the server via

    curl 'http://localhost:8802/station/5' -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data @exampleJson

# Client

There is currently a very simple CLI client available: `meteo`

    meteo REMOTE
    
    $ meteo http://meteo-service.local/
      *   1 meteo-cluster          2019-05-14-17:24:01   22.51C|23.00 %rel| 95337hPa

## Requirements

Requires `go >= 1.9.x`

    go get "github.com/BurntSushi/toml"

## Configuration

Currently manually. See `meteod.toml`

# Nodes/Sensors

Currently I have some Adafruit sensors, a skeleton code for Raspberry Pi, a JeeNode RoomNode (that is not utilized anymore) and some EPS8266 projects.

This whole project is ongoing work, so nothing is production ready yet, as I'm still experimenting with lots of sensors.
